Imagine a world filled with peace,
free of suffering,
an abundance of food for all,
and life in perfect health.
But how can this beautiful future
be possible?
Because of what Jesus did for us.
He came to earth for a purpose.
He gave his life for those he loved.
The night before he died,
Jesus asked that we commemorate
his sacrifice.
He said:
“Keep doing this in remembrance of me.”
On the anniversary of his death,
people around the world
will gather to remember him.
Jehovah’s Witnesses
invite you and your family
to attend the Memorial of Jesus’ death.
At that meeting,
you will find out
why his sacrifice was so important
and how his promises affect you.
To find a location near you,
please accept an invitation
from one of Jehovah’s Witnesses
or fill in the congregation
meeting search form
on jw.org.